README.md, before:

Set of tools to manipulate manifest and bundle files from CLI.

```sh
Usage: rbun-add.exe [options] output input

Adds one or more bundles into first first bundle.

Positional arguments:
output          Bundle file to write into. [required]
input           Bundle file or folder to write from.

Optional arguments:
-h --help       shows help message and exits [default: false]
-v --version    prints version information and exits [default: false]
--buffer        Size for buffer before flush to disk in killobytes [64, 1048576] [default: 33554432]
```

```sh
Usage: rbun-chk.exe [options] input

Checks one or more bundles for errors.

Positional arguments:
input           Bundle file or folder to read from.

Optional arguments:
-h --help       shows help message and exits [default: false]
-v --version    prints version information and exits [default: false]
```

```sh
Usage: rbun-ls.exe [options] input

Lists contents of one or more bundles.

Positional arguments:
input           Bundle file or folder to read from.

Optional arguments:
-h --help       shows help message and exits [default: false]
-v --version    prints version information and exits [default: false]
```

```sh
Usage: rman-bl.exe [options] manifest

Lists bundle names used in manifest.

Positional arguments:
manifest        Manifest file to read from. [required]

Optional arguments:
-h --help       shows help message and exits [default: false]
-v --version    prints version information and exits [default: false]
```

```sh
Usage: rman-dl.exe [options] manifest output

Downloads or repairs files in manifest.

Positional arguments:
manifest                Manifest file to read from. [required]
output                  Output directory to store and verify files from. [default: "."]

Optional arguments:
-h --help               shows help message and exits [default: false]
-v --version            prints version information and exits [default: false]
-l --filter-lang        Filter by language(none for international files) with regex match. [default: <not representable>]
-p --filter-path        Filter by path with regex match. [default: <not representable>]
--no-verify             Force force full without verify. [default: false]
--no-write              Do not write to file. [default: false]
--no-progress           Do not print progress. [default: false]
--cache                 Cache file path. [default: ""]
--cache-readonly        Do not write to cache. [default: false]
--cache-buffer          Size for cache buffer in killobytes [64, 1048576] [default: 33554432]
--cdn                   Source url to download files from. [default: "http://lol.secure.dyn.riotcdn.net/channels/public"]
--cdn-retry             Number of retries to download from url. [default: 3]
--cdn-workers           Number of connections per downloaded file. [default: 32]
--cdn-verbose           Curl: verbose logging. [default: false]
--cdn-buffer            Curl buffer size in killobytes [1, 512]. [default: 512]
--cdn-proxy             Curl: proxy. [default: ""]
--cdn-useragent         Curl: user agent string. [default: ""]
--cdn-cookiefile        Curl cookie file or '-' to disable cookie engine. [default: ""]
--cdn-cookielist        Curl: cookie list string. [default: ""]
```

```sh
Usage: rman-ls.exe [options] manifest

Lists files in manifest.

Positional arguments:
manifest                Manifest file to read from. [required]

Optional arguments:
-h --help               shows help message and exits [default: false]
-v --version            prints version information and exits [default: false]
-l --filter-lang        Filter: language(none for international files). [default: <not representable>]
-p --filter-path        Filter: path with regex match. [default: <not representable>]
```

Commit message:

add bundle usage statistics tool

README.md, after:

Set of tools to manipulate manifest and bundle files from CLI.

```sh
Usage: rbun-add.exe [options] output input

Adds one or more bundles into first first bundle.

Positional arguments:
output          Bundle file to write into. [required]
input           Bundle file or folder to write from.

Optional arguments:
-h --help       shows help message and exits [default: false]
-v --version    prints version information and exits [default: false]
--buffer        Size for buffer before flush to disk in killobytes [64, 1048576] [default: 33554432]
```

```sh
Usage: rbun-chk.exe [options] input

Checks one or more bundles for errors.

Positional arguments:
input           Bundle file or folder to read from.

Optional arguments:
-h --help       shows help message and exits [default: false]
-v --version    prints version information and exits [default: false]
```

```sh
Usage: rbun-ls.exe [options] input

Lists contents of one or more bundles.

Positional arguments:
input           Bundle file or folder to read from.

Optional arguments:
-h --help       shows help message and exits [default: false]
-v --version    prints version information and exits [default: false]
```

```sh
Usage: rbun-usage.exe [options] input

Collects size usage statistics on one or more bundle.

Positional arguments:
input           Bundle file(s) or folder to read from.

Optional arguments:
-h --help       shows help message and exits [default: false]
-v --version    prints version information and exits [default: false]
```


```sh
Usage: rman-bl.exe [options] manifest

Lists bundle names used in manifest.

Positional arguments:
manifest        Manifest file to read from. [required]

Optional arguments:
-h --help       shows help message and exits [default: false]
-v --version    prints version information and exits [default: false]
```

```sh
Usage: rman-dl.exe [options] manifest output

Downloads or repairs files in manifest.

Positional arguments:
manifest                Manifest file to read from. [required]
output                  Output directory to store and verify files from. [default: "."]

Optional arguments:
-h --help               shows help message and exits [default: false]
-v --version            prints version information and exits [default: false]
-l --filter-lang        Filter by language(none for international files) with regex match. [default: <not representable>]
-p --filter-path        Filter by path with regex match. [default: <not representable>]
--no-verify             Force force full without verify. [default: false]
--no-write              Do not write to file. [default: false]
--no-progress           Do not print progress. [default: false]
--cache                 Cache file path. [default: ""]
--cache-readonly        Do not write to cache. [default: false]
--cache-buffer          Size for cache buffer in killobytes [64, 1048576] [default: 33554432]
--cdn                   Source url to download files from. [default: "http://lol.secure.dyn.riotcdn.net/channels/public"]
--cdn-retry             Number of retries to download from url. [default: 3]
--cdn-workers           Number of connections per downloaded file. [default: 32]
--cdn-verbose           Curl: verbose logging. [default: false]
--cdn-buffer            Curl buffer size in killobytes [1, 512]. [default: 512]
--cdn-proxy             Curl: proxy. [default: ""]
--cdn-useragent         Curl: user agent string. [default: ""]
--cdn-cookiefile        Curl cookie file or '-' to disable cookie engine. [default: ""]
--cdn-cookielist        Curl: cookie list string. [default: ""]
```

```sh
Usage: rman-ls.exe [options] manifest

Lists files in manifest.

Positional arguments:
manifest                Manifest file to read from. [required]

Optional arguments:
-h --help               shows help message and exits [default: false]
-v --version            prints version information and exits [default: false]
-l --filter-lang        Filter: language(none for international files). [default: <not representable>]
-p --filter-path        Filter: path with regex match. [default: <not representable>]
```
